Create ServiceProvider Interface for DecodesFunctions. (#667)
opendcs/opendcs: docs/source/dev-docs.rst

|file      |Values from files on the file system. |
+----------+--------------------------------------+

Custom Decodes Functions
========================

> To implement a custom implement the following class `org.opendcs.spi.decodes.DecodesFunctionProvider`. And Derived

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom function, implement the following interface `org.opendcs.spi.decodes.DecodesFunctionProvider`, and derive
```
